Last fall, during the leadup to the
copper age drop, Mojang released a
mysterious short showing all the new
copper features in a row. But the camera
kept panning to reveal two dandelions
placed perfectly side by side, just like
they would be on the back of a Mulum.
This short seemed like such an
intentional teaser that it sent me into
full conspiracy mode, and I was
absolutely convinced that the Mloom was
going to be added to the drop. But the
copper age came and went, and our
beloved piss cow was nowhere to be
found. But I think I might know why. In
the next drop, Mojang is updating the
design of every single baby mob in the
game. This is something their art team
would handle. And since there are so
many baby mobs to update, it's likely
that they've been working on this behind
the scenes for months now. This is even
backed up by the baby Nautilus having
similar one pixel eyes to all of the new
baby mobs. We also know that when Mojang
adds old mob concepts, they typically
change their function. When the copper
golem was originally proposed in the mob
vote, he would randomly press buttons
and switches, but they eventually
changed it so his primary function was
sorting chests. When the Mloom was first
proposed, we were only given a vague
hint that it would somehow interact with
bees. But what if the plan for the
Golden Dandelion was already devised
last fall? The Golden Dandelion is a new
item in the game that prevents baby mobs
from growing into adults when fed to
them. This item feels perfect for the
Mubloom. So, could it be possible that
they ended up delaying the addition of
the Mubloom to fit in better with this
baby mob drop? Or is this a sign that
the Mubloom will stay sheld and
forgotten forever? Personally, I'm going
to keep believing.